you
I know what you are say it I want to
hear you say it out loud you're one of
the Jonas Brothers no weird you are
Republican no but close oh that must
mean that must mean you're a vampire I'm
a vegetarian vampire My dear I would
like to have just one bite but that's
not in the cards for you unless you're
made of tofu you look real so treat too
bad you're not poultry red meat is that
for me and I'm skill you have beat
my god that's
take a bite I'm sure
by
to me and damn sure you love me you're
the lion on the learn a better tastes
much better than spam tattoos are so Oh
- damn pie but are jung-gu mortal life
is so damn I wanna be sparkly in the Sun
hey to kill your self-esteem but a more
tempted by ice cream
I'm a veggie vampire I have been 17
never since 1918 I make these ladies
scream I'm giving out immortality if you
can't a salad you know things for me
unlike on TV come on battle please let's
climb up this tree oh just imagine
Edward we can spend the rest of eternity
together
Oh
I can't what's wrong if there's
something wrong with me don't you want
me yes I want you it's just that I have
commitment issues it's not you it's me
Edward Cullen you bite me
right
you